title: 广告学刊特刊征稿：广告中的大数据
link: http://ccc.nju.edu.cn/?p=390
author: chengjun
description: 
post_id: 390
created: 2015/09/13 03:02:18
created_gmt: 2015/09/13 03:02:18
comment_status: closed
post_name: %e5%b9%bf%e5%91%8a%e5%ad%a6%e5%88%8a%e7%89%b9%e5%88%8a%e5%be%81%e7%a8%bf%ef%bc%9a%e5%b9%bf%e5%91%8a%e4%b8%ad%e7%9a%84%e5%a4%a7%e6%95%b0%e6%8d%ae
status: publish
post_type: post

# 广告学刊特刊征稿：广告中的大数据

# Journal of Advertising

## Special Issue: Big Data in Advertising

Manuscripts are currently being solicited for an upcoming special issue of the Journal of Advertising (JA) dedicated to using big data in advertising research. Digital environments such as the Internet, social media, mobile devices, wearable technology, and the Internet of things produce large data sets by recording, often in great detail, interactions between customers and the brand throughout various phases of the customer experience. These data sets create opportunities for advertisers, have the potential of disrupting aspects of the advertising industry, and become a goldmine of information for academics to test advertising theories with big data sources.

The purpose of this special issue is to stimulate research into using these new data sources in advertising. More specifically, this issue aims to explore how big data contribute to theory building in advertising research. Multidisciplinary collaboration between advertising scholars and scholars from data-oriented fields is encouraged. Potential research topics that may be addressed include (but are not limited to):

  * • Identifying customer insights using big data
  * • New methods of measuring audiences using big data sources
  * • Measuring and monitoring brand associations from social media
  * • Data mining and text analytics in social media
  * • Personalizing messages with big data
  * • Testing advertising theories with big data sources
  * • Integrated use of big data and small data
  * • Optimizing the selection of media delivery channels and platforms
  * • Using big data without violating customer privacy or ethical standards
  * • Big data in qualitative advertising research

## Submission Guidelines

Submissions should follow the manuscript format guidelines for JA at http://www.tandfonline.com/toc/ujoa20/current. Papers should be no longer than 30 doublespaced pages in length (including references, tables/figures, and appendices). The submission deadline is January 31, 2016.

All manuscripts should be submitted through the JA online submission system, ScholarOne, at http://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/ujoa, during January 1-31. Authors should select “SPECIAL ISSUE: Big Data in Advertising” as “Manuscript Type.” Please also note in the cover letter that the submission is for the Special Issue on Big Data. Manuscripts will go through a peer review process, and the special issue is planned to appear as the last issue of 2016.

Special Issue Guest Editors

Hairong Li, Michigan State University

Edward Malthouse, Northwestern University

For additional information regarding the special issue, please contact the guest editors at ja.guest.editors@gmail.com.